Good afternoon
Good evening
Yes, no, just the most
Tell us, you choked I was afraid
that you didn’t choke on the air
Kapets Not
everything is fine
in pieces, it’s
scary, it’s real, I
saw a horror movie as a child,
it’s just don’t worry everything is fine, you
don’t even know what a gyros is
Say Mishutka
food But this is
Armenian lavash pork salad
yummy from Armenian cuisine I
know nothing Georgian I know Armenian I
will have to learn a little understood
Cool Where did you get this food
did you make the meat salad yourself from what the
tortilla meat salad It’s just that you
bit it like that I think you haven’t eaten here for a week did you do
it well  Show it if you want I can
treat you, please don’t raise it higher
I’m
cool show the
nutria inside Show inside alive
Well no frozen already frozen
inside it’s interesting really
now
then
turn it a little,
this is a paw with a paw, and show a paw or a
head somewhere, I understand where  beginning or end and this is taken inside caught in a river caught in Kyiv internal name is alistovich in Ukraine there is no inside there muskrats are called Vladimir Zelensky Yes, estimate half of Zelensky ate and ate Zelensky it turns out that you are about to be bloodthirsty almost to half Or maybe it’s really not a nutria rat from the street How do you prove No, this is Zelensky, and what else do you have Whom they saw him this drone who was Koshevoy, it was probably he was me cheating Koshevoy used to be thin, he was worried against the background of hostilities and inside he was a Lugansk native from Luhansk genus Yes, porridge, here he is I really dug it out, I saw it really. A gingerbread man like this on TV shows it was the law inside they tell him Live there soup is shorter than Ukrainian borscht. and what else to eat?
I understood Yes, no,
I don’t want to talk about this politics, I’m sick of it, it’s
89 years old that these arguing about the war
can eat something else Do you have what
you eat I’m wondering
you were not inside now there is
still something to eat interesting
Yes everything you want everything is possible  allow
Well, show there is,
show
empty empty, but show the sense that the
refrigerator should be dragged here,
what is the problem, then there are no empty
refrigerators, but in Ukraine they were full and
Donbass except Ukraine And now with empty
refrigerators,
an empty refrigerator
is dietary and The refrigerator is empty,
so don’t show
when you were under Ukraine
Tell me what you understand in Khmelnitsky
If they showed you a refrigerator
And so, like an empty refrigerator
Yes,
empty Can you send something to
eat we have nothing to eat, we eat rats
Send something to eat Show your
refrigerator there is not even a refrigerator, probably
what it is Yes
what is it  - you don’t even know this, I
don’t see what this bone is, which you do
n’t even know that  something I don’t know I don’t even know what
it is
some kind of manda it’s possible
Manga Yes but it’s not scary it’s not even you
know what it is I nobody I know
just a word
they say yes no
refrigerator  a man like Everything I thought I’m here
while Drew you, and then he sees that you need
to take power with your own hands, he says so she
doesn’t see everything herself, the owner showed
that he is here there is a
series of Ukraine
there is Cherepovets I hung a sweet
Ukrainian I go to a
troll like Russians
as if I  Ukrainian
Khmelnitsky Vinnytsia saw there and
I don’t know our Russians on my flag at all
Okay, I’ll run further people look for Let’s be
Glory to Ukraine